We're gonna go. All right, so we're recording right now.
I'm gonna start by introducing myself just so that anybody that listens to this knows who we are. I'm Chris Cox. I am
40
43
Yes 43 years old. Sometimes I forget that remember that one time we were on our fishing trip and I forgot it
Today's date is the
9th of January 2026. I'm speaking to my dad here, Bob Cox
And we're at his home in Ankeley. So we'll start with the first question.
Can you tell me about a person who has been kindest to you in your life?
So it would be my dad's father, my grandfather
He was just a very gentle gentle person hardly ever talked
But so this would be he was just kind George George Cox
George Cox's father William Floyd Cox William Floyd Cox and they called him Floyd just Floyd just Floyd is milling because there was there's another brother was named William too
Oh, that's probably pretty popular
Yeah, there was always a
William is a popular in Texas anyway. Yeah, so and that's where they lived during the time was in Texas
Yes, he grew up in Texas. He was born in Texas. My dad was the Abilene area or yeah, my dad. I don't remember where my dad was born, okay, but
my grandfather
I think he might have been born in Nail, Oklahoma
Okay
But anyway, my grandfather was just such a kind person
And he always took I would when I was little he died when I was 16 17, but when I was little
He always took me with him
How old were you at the time?
Probably seven eight years old maybe yeah, but but he'd go he worked on a ranch in Texas and he'd always take me with him whenever we went
And he was just a very kind
He I've never heard him say an angry word to anyone
just just and
He epitomized the
When you call someone a jettelman. Yeah, truly was a gentleman
So when you say he was kind was there like actions that he did or was it like
Just his I think it's I think it's just the way he lived his life. Yeah
Just you know, he just he cared about his family and
Care about other people and never wanted to be a person that would hurt anyone. Yeah, always put others first. Yeah
Yeah, so you know, you I don't think he even finished high school
Neither did my father
Wasn't important in those days, so yeah, I mean, but he's the guy we consider
The kindest yeah, now my other grandfather on my mom's side. He died before I was born
Okay, so that was Paul
Storston your mom's mom my mom's dad dad. Sorry, my mom
Of course, I read daughter thinks this over their father, but she said he was the same kind of person
Although he was very outgoing and loved to play practical jokes
Yeah, just different personalities. Yeah, I would love to have met him. Yeah, yeah
There's always out or the
Her outgoing people and so it was float William Floyd more like introverted ish. Yes, definitely. He just
I've just never heard him raise his voice. He had just his quiet demeanor and
You know, you you just felt calm around him. Yeah, I imagine he's probably the type of
two that's like
When he did say something you're like yours perk up because the words it came out. Yeah, I guess
And he had this little Chihuahua called Paco
And my grandfather had a little ball spot on top of his head. So did Paco
Backo and him were inseparable
They I think when my grandfather passed the Paco passed away shortly after that
It is funny when you look at like pets and how they can like make their masters
So they're like somehow the same ball spot that's players and then
his favorite
Snack at night. Mm-hmm. Usually watching TV
He'd have a glass of buttermilk
with
White bread in it
And sugar that sounds terrible
I suppose it was one of those depression year things that you know
He fell in love with because it was all it was available probably not good on that diabetic diet
He wouldn't die bad
I didn't eat this
Or didn't didn't know about it
But he was an amazing guy
So some of the questions are a little bit they switched back and forth so this one's can you tell me about
One of your most difficult memories
So like
This is really just
You know some time sometime in the future somebody wants to know about
Jordan the death of my daughter Amanda Kelsey Cox. Yeah, that was the most difficult period of my life
And it took 10 years to recover from her 10 years. Wow
Nathan my son Nathan coming along helped yeah, when he came when he was born kind of gay
I wouldn't say the replaced her, but it it just I was able to move on again. Yeah
I was really angry at God for a long time about that
Maybe maybe unpack that a little I know that that's like
Yeah, a hard wound, but it's not it's bad now. Yeah
Now it hits me more on her birthday
And on the day she died, but I can deal with the other times it
I don't think about it all the time like I did when she first passed away for the longest time
I know you always go to her grave. Yeah, still occasionally right? Yeah, yeah
Usually once a year at least yeah
Well, and then I always
Spent time thinking about what would have been
Which is probably unproductive
Yeah, but it's a it's kind of a wish a hope
And I find comfort in thinking that I'll see her again for sure and she'll be like grown
Yeah, she'll be a person like yeah, I believe strongly. There's a soul to everyone and
You know, she has a grown-up soul that yeah, she'll it will be it'll be a night crazy to meet her in heaven
I always kind of felt too that perhaps
As tough as it was
Maybe God needed her. Yeah, and so he took her early
but I
But it wasn't easy for me. I just really had a tough time with it. Yeah
Daughters
Yeah, I don't know why, but daughters just so now my granddaughters have taken her place
And one of your granddaughters name is LC that's my daughter and
In memory of Kelsey. We didn't go with the the same name
We didn't and we asked my mom and that was a little too close for comfort
I think I was good and wise. Yeah to not but
We did want to that was always I mean ever since I was in high school. That was I knew I wanted a daughter
They would name her I wanted a name or Kelsey really. Yeah, I had thought I had that I didn't know that yeah
So then but when talking and with mom I said that this is what I want to do and she said
and
And I was like well, what if we named her LC and she was okay with that but
So that yeah, you were asking
I've had a lot of ups and downs. I guess like everyone else, you know difficult times back you know 9-11
9-11 was a tough one. Yeah, but
That was the worst. Yeah
I just remember when I knew she was gonna get taken off the
Recessitator. Yeah, or the incubator or whatever it's called
When we made the decision to take her off of it
That I remember walking outside and there was a blizzard going on
Mm-hmm, and I fell in my knees and was praying to God
That this wouldn't happen. Yeah
What would you do differently?
Is there anything that you would do differently not to change the situation but to maybe help somebody
Listening to this maybe
Going through something difficult like that. Yeah, my salvation was when I started helping other people
When I started serving other people
That gave me purpose again and yeah
May just it didn't do away with it, but it just made it easier to cope with. Yeah, I
See a theme. There's William Floyd
Put others people first right. Well, he was my model my role models, so yeah
There's a lot and I can't wait to see him again. Yeah
I think that's helpful helpful to know you know
Helpful to know how to navigate those tough times because that's life
You know you got ups and downs in life and sometimes we only want to think about the positive things but
When my back was so bad and I was in so much pain all the time
You know, I had those fleeting thoughts of just it's not worth going on. Yeah
but in the end I
Did keep going and I and I think did get better. I mean and
That's kind of the case in every downtime in my life. I'd just
Put my head down and got through it because it does get better. Yeah, it always gets better
Where there are people in your life that you would say helped you during that time with your back
Well, of course, John yeah, she was always there
Called me to the hospital and took care of me when I had all these operations and yeah
I mean, I don't know anyone else who could even get close to that right
Brian or any of the your friends
At least for like talking to
Bob
Bob Whitaker as I met Bob yeah, Bob Whitaker was my best friend and when I lived in the DC area and
We talked about everything I
mean
Stuff I couldn't talk to Joan about I could talk to him about yeah
Another tough time is probably watching him go through his own. Yeah, yeah
Was that that would have been after your back stuff right though
Well, I was still dealing with it when he passed away. Okay, I would you know I
Had retired by then and moved to Iowa. Yeah, but and he was still back there, but
We'd only gotten here. We'd only lived here a month or two when he passed away. Yeah, and
It was another one of those times that you
It's just painful
And you think about them all the time and
But again, you just turn your life towards helping others and that tends to help you get through it
like
my cousin
John Evans
Who we grew up together and we're really close friends. Yeah, all we were roommates in Korea together and went in the service together
And I was the best man out of his wedding and so we had a lifetime together and just very close
When he passed away
That was another really difficult time
I mean you'd think I'd be talking about my parents passing away, but those are kind of
Things you expect your parents are gonna pass away. Yeah, but your best friends you don't think that yeah
You think they're gonna be with you as long as you live. Yeah
And with Jack one of the things I did there was
We texted a lot together
And I made it a point because of all that he was going through with his chemotherapy and the loss of his daughter to cancer and
Just the struggles he had on a daily basis. I tried to make him laugh with my texts. Yeah
And so that led us into a lot of discussions and a lot of time we would spend about reminiscing about the old days
And being together and that kind of stuff and we could make jokes about it stuff. Yeah
So after he passed I made screenshots of some of these discussions and talks and now periodically I send them to his son
And
And he he said he really appreciates this little insight into his dad and
What he said and done he didn't realize how much how
Much that Jack and I laughed together
But that was again turning I wasn't thinking about me was thinking about him. I was thinking about him and
young
Jack's wife. Yeah, they they were married 46 years, I think
I think another like a follow-up question maybe because one thing I'm hearing is that like all of these hard times have taught you to
Look outside yourself and focus on on the others around you
What are maybe some other lessons that you've learned like because sometimes I think when we look at like the bad things in life we want us
In the midst of them we wish that they were not there, but if you look back on those bad moments in life
I wouldn't say there were wasted moments, right? Oh, they were character builders. Yeah, they're what made me who I am today and
Have made it possible
To get through times
And I'm much more philosophical about things now
You know, and I think that's because you it with the age and your own life experiences you tend to
Mellow and become so philosophical. Yeah, so I think they what was the question again?
Well, it's basically just like what else did you like you said you learned to be others focused
Maybe what are some other lessons that you learned from going through some of those hard moments?
Oh, yeah, I was saying character and yeah, I think I think it really
Was once said to me that you can't appreciate the really good times and
Those really high points in your life if you've never had the low valleys
Yeah, and so I think there I am being philosophical
I think that's the point that I took away was and that and that it's always temporary even our life is temporary
It's just a fleeting moment in eternity. So
So if you keep an eternal perspective on your life, too, that's important. Yeah
You think about the worst moment in history
Jesus dying on the cross
Was actually the best moment in history because that's what gave us hope that there is life after death
Like Jesus overcame death show us that there is life after death
Which is just like God to make something that is ugly as murder on a cross be as beautiful as
Bringing his people into himself like only God can do that. Yeah, that's
And God doesn't waste those you know bad moments in life for sure
Which is
Yeah kind of crazy
You're making me think too much. I know what are some of the most important lessons you learned in life
honesty
fairness
Patience oh patience is a big one most things come to you
With patients
They will work themselves out
Things will get better, but you got to have patients. Yeah, so I'd say that was about my biggest lessons learned because I had no patients when I was young
yeah
and
the value of friends
And most importantly is the value of my family that that
Was a lesson learned
When I was younger my whole focus of my whole life seemed to be wrapped up in work
And then I don't know when I hit my forties about your age. I realized and you guys you and
Nate or Adam
Realized this long much earlier in your lives
Was the importance of family and
That they're the only lasting thing
Yeah, you know your job is a fleeting thing and the minute you walk out that door
They're gonna forget you anyway
But your family is where
You find your joy. You reason for live it. You know when you're a teenager, you think it's all about me
That's right, and it's all about right now, and you tell your kids one day
One day you're gonna come back and you're gonna be like, oh, you're right dad
That's funny. Yeah, that's true. I get to do that to my own. I'm sure my dad's the same thing
I
Do remember when you were born
That my dad was at the hospital or the us and I remember giving him a hug and saying now I know what you mean when you say
You're a father
And you've felt that too. There's just something that happens to you. Yeah
Pretty powerful moment. Yeah
Uh
Can you remember a time in your life when you felt most alone?
I guess it would be
I was in Korea and
It was Christmas and I had guard duty and I remember being like two o'clock in the morning out there walking in the cold
freezing weather
And thinking about home
Like that I felt really lonely that time, but
That kind of helped me deal with loneliness in the later on in my life, too. Yeah
It's all about less and learned I guess. Yeah, but I remember being in credit
You know, I just wanted to cry
I was so far away from home. Yeah, and I was 18 years old
And I was wondering if I hadn't made the biggest mistake in my life. I
Kind of thought that a little bit basically
Yeah, that first night
What am I doing here?
That first night scared
Oh, here's a good happy one. I was like, oh man. I hope they're not all
Here's a good one if you could hold on to one memory from your life forever, which would it be?
Gosh, that's really hard. Mm-hmm. That's really hard because there's so many that you won't buy I cherish
More than you're trying to you can pick Marlon. That's fine
Well, the birth of my children
Yeah, you guys getting married. Yeah me getting married
Those are those are the happiest times. Yeah
Maybe some other just fun memories you can just throw some fun memories into you
Gosh, I've had a lot of adventures. Yeah, though, you know
That's part of what makes life interesting to me is having adventures. Yeah, so
You know whether it's hiking or
Yeah, I do some stupid things too
Fell a few times went off a cliff once ski in yeah tell that one I want to hear that
I've heard of a break, but I doesn't get old. Huh? I've heard of it before
That was in Breckenridge
at the ski resort and
It was I think it was a double black diamond row
Yeah, I'm not dumb. I was
I'm going skiing in two weeks and I stick to the blues
Well Jack was with me and I was trying to show off I think teenager my I was like 20 back now
I wasn't 19 19, okay. Yeah, so I was invincible sounds about right
And I just I was skiing through
the tree line
on this trail and
apparently you
at the bottom of the trail it was a sharp right turn and
If you didn't make the turn you're going off the cliff
So I didn't make the turn and I went off the cliff. I didn't hurt myself, but it was scared to crap
Check your pants later
Yeah, then it's a then rock climbing that was another crazy. Yeah, I tell that story. That was
If I'm two one I'm thinking the same one you got to a point in there where you're like
You know that's happened a couple times where I get to it a dead end and I can't go any further up
And I can't go back down and I'm like oh, no
What do I do and then that panic sets in and your heart starts beating really hard?
And then you just got to take a couple deep breaths and say yeah, I just got to think about this a little bit
And then when I do that and calm down then I could figure out a way out, but it's happened more than once
There's a little metaphor for life in there
Patience you said that's right
Let your heart race slow down patient. That's good. I got here. I can get out of it. Yeah
Uh
This would be fun. I think
Going down memory lane
As we're talking about memories. So this was your teenage years
Thinking about memories when we were kids. I have one specific
You taking us out sweating
Tell that one
Well, I was in the braska link in the braska and
Third, you know, there's just not a lot of hills to go take kids sliding letting down
So but we found this one and it was really steep and before I would let you and Adam go down it
I wanted to go down at first to see how
Dangerous it was
So I go screaming down this hill and hit a rock
That I didn't see
When flying up into the air and broke my tail
And I crawled up that embankment
And then from my perspective
I'm just a kid so I'm like all about me right and I'm like I didn't get to go sledding
Well I tore a hole in the in the saucer. Oh, yeah, that's not going down
It wasn't going down the hill
When I hit that rock
We're doing a recording here for future generations
That's Joan that's my dad's wife so
We love her
So
Other memories that stick out further down in the future. Oh
Boogie boarded
That was a good one. We would go to chick-a-tee island. We did a couple times. Yeah, but there was one that I think sticks out most because
Well, I just remember we would go like Boogie boarded all day. Yeah, and I remember your legs
It'd just be rubber at the end of the day and I remember you would drive away from the beach and they'd have those sand dunes
And I'd look at the sand dunes and they look like waves coming at me
Because you've been all day
Water, watching them waves. Yeah, and then Joan probably remembers this because we were all lobsters when we got back
She had to take care of us. Yeah, we were all burnt up burnt at Chris. Oh, man. We were so red
Those were fun times
Um
Others that stick out childhood. Well, I was thinking about those Boogie boards. Yeah
I just remember the first time I took you to the ocean. Oh
Yeah, you were maybe
Nine ten years old. Yeah, and you'd never been in a way before
And this big old wave comes in and just slams you down
Into it just rolled over you and slant and I saw it happening and I knew this was not gonna be good
So I ran over and pulled out of there
Uh, and you had this wild scared look in your eye. I'm sure it's scared to crap out of you
Yeah, from my perspective, I just saw blur as and I see a figure coming to crab me and and
And I just like I remember it knocked the wind out of me. I couldn't breathe. Yeah, trying to breathe and
Oh, man, that was crazy. That was nuts
But then you then we went boogie board going back out
Just kept going
Um, and we just keep I mean all day long out there. Yeah
Yeah
And I would from your perspective, were you tired?
I was having fun. Yeah, okay
I remember you asking me how do you keep doing or maybe it was Adam one of you asked me how do you keep going?
Because you were tired. Yeah, that was crazy because it worked. They were long days out there
But it was fun. Oh so fun
Uh, what's better than boogie boarden with your boys? Oh, yeah, I think uh for
This would be good for just like Adam what what memories sticks out with you and Adam and he was young
Oh, guys, when you wrecked my car
There you go Adam you get the right to remember. Oh, I just felt so bad for him. Yeah, I wasn't mad at him
John wasn't mad at him either
It was just yeah, he cuz he hadn't hurt this guy on a motorcycle. He was just broken hearted about it
But
You guys went to Shenandoah River. Yeah, I took him fly fishing. Yeah
Um, and we stayed in this
this campsite that
I had gone back to this campsite after him
and it was in this like
Canyon
And we were it right up against the face of this canyon wall
um
And I went back there to camp some other time
And there was a big rain that night and one of the boulders from up there on the hill came rolling down and hit this tent
And one of one of them hit a car
What yeah, I've never heard that part of the story when and the people were in the tent and they just went rolling like a bowling ball
If they didn't get hurt
I don't know but I woke up and went whoa
And then
Like a couple years later that same place got flooded in a flash flood and several people died there
Wow, and that's where I took my boys
It's because you went with Adam everything crazy happens when you go with that
Well, no, this didn't happen with that. Oh, not the boulder
No, that was a different time, but it was the same place though Adam and I went camping when we went
uh
We took a canoe down the
Shanna dough and five fished as we went. Oh cool, and this was a campsite that we stayed at didn't catch anything though
No
I'm not a great fisherman
Neither is cat them and we were both five fished and which we didn't know what we were doing so
Hey, you're learning it though. Were you able to get the the pattern?
Yeah, so I learned to fly fish in the park a lot of the pentagon. Oh preparing for it
My friend of mine brought his fly fish and brought in
And taught me and we were in the park a lot did Adam get it out
Yeah, then I taught Adam did he but he got the rhythm down. Yeah. Oh cool
I've never done it before about to try it. It's not hard
Uh, what about Nathan?
What about it memory with Nathan that sticks out
You
Gosh there's so many it's hard to pick one
Did you probably have more time with Nathan than
Yes, because we lived out in Iowa and you lived in Virginia, but
There's there's some funny memories
One that sticks out in my head. This will help you prep as you think through your your memory
I saw the video of him
Grabbing the cookie. That's the first thing that came to my mind too. The cookie. What's the cookie?
The cookie stealer
And we had this little like
The genius grid on his face. Yeah. Oh man
The character and then Adam Adam would put a diaper
To school now I hear it's it was just number one not number two, but
Still he gets the school and he reaches a news pocket and pulls out a diaper
That's Adam for you
The pennies
Oh, yeah, I don't remember that one. Nathan wouldn't be notorious
You'd be walking to me like what is in my shoe and then he's like you go pull it out and be like there's a penny in my shoe
Oh
So funny
He uh
Always really enjoyed when you guys came yeah
To visit because he he'd just to always looked up to you and Adam, you know
To this day
So when you guys get the gather and go to comic con with him he was in seventh heaven
You guys you did that too. I took him to comic con. Yeah, I was first one. William Shatner. We got a picture with William Shatner
That's awesome
Yeah, Adam and I got it with Brendan free. Yeah, so I was ours
Uh
Speaking of comics he would read the I think it was the
Uh, I can't remember the name of those books with dire the whip kid maybe you're yeah, and then you to hear him
Captain underpants. Yeah, Captain underpants and he be in his room reading and then all of a sudden you'd hear him just chuckling
So funny. I don't know that I ever
Seen anybody laugh out loud for books
That's funny
Favorite memory with Joan putting on the spot because she's standing. Yeah. Yeah
Oh gosh
There's it's tough because so many I know yeah, you just pick one stands out
We had a great time going on the river cruise down the Danube
Yeah
That was in Europe. Yeah near where does it go through goes through Germany, Austria
Slovenia, Hungary and the Czech Republic
Yeah, that's cool
It was a lot of fun because we were with friends
That we've known all for 30 40 years and that was this year. Yeah, this last year. Yeah in August. Yeah
Uh, no it March March. It was March. Yeah
I think that's cool because I think a lot of couples as they get older don't they look at the good old days
And they forget like how you still have years that you can still make memories and so the fact you're still making memories
I think that's a really cool thing
I know you always talk about the moment. I don't know why this one sticks out but wouldn't
Joan went in the this is probably not a good memory, but when she was in the she got the fear
I was on your honeymoon in Cancun
Was it the water
She went in the water and she was you didn't know you didn't think that she was serious when she was no that wasn't on our honeymoon. Oh
That was when we were living in Lincoln and
Um
It was just a weekend and we went to the local lake there. Oh
And we we were walk, you know, I was walking with her. She had her arms around me and we were walking
Yeah, and I kept getting deeper and deeper and she kept saying I'm
really frightened and
I kind of just blew it off you think you're serious. I didn't think she was and then it got to a point where
I saw in her eyes. There was terror and I still feel bad about that to this day
That was an awful. That was not a good bit. No, no, no
I don't know why that one sticks out
Let's see
That just highlights I was a terrible person
Nothing good about that story at all
Yeah, there's been it's been good. There's a lot of good memories and
I just I remember when you came back from
Washington to see and you lived you moved out here or you guys
moved in we lived together for a while. There's all those memories and just uh
Yeah, I don't know I I don't know that I ever like regret that you guys lived out there
That I just it was just not as much time that we got together and I just felt like in the time you moved back out here
You got we got to hang out a lot more and
Really? Oh, I'd say I'm best part of my life is right now. Yeah, that's cool
I it's just um
I guess being retired. Yeah slow down
Then you do what you want now and it's just a whole different thing. You don't have you're not tied to a job and yeah
This is a maybe like a wisdom for the next generation is there a way that you
could if you looked back and you said like if I could do it over
uh
I would live this way so that I could
Slow down some more or you know like live like you live and now
But back then I I find it hard because it's like man life is just so fast-paced. Yeah, I wish I could slow down more
But I get caught up in the hustle and bustle
I
Know you're looking for some pearl of wisdom out of this and the only thing I can say is don't
It's kind of a wasted energy to think back and have regrets. Mm-hmm
It's just not worth the effort. Yeah, that's good. So I try not to spend a lot of time thinking about what would have been or could have been or should have been
Yeah, and focus on trying to live right now
It's good. Yeah, you you're saying you didn't want to pass on a pearl, but you gave a pearl
There it is
For future generations that your family listening to this
Years from now. This could be like who knows centuries from now who knows
Is there any wisdom you would want to pass on to them?
What would you want them to know
I
Guess that idea of giving to others I find that my happiest times in life have been when I'm serving others
I get so much more out of it than I give yeah
Yeah, that would be
One of the things that I would suggest and
And
Having patients
Patients with those you love and those you don't love. Yeah, I would say and then just love
Yeah, just love a lot. Yeah, yeah
I'd say that having viewed your life
I would say that is a hundred percent true about you and
That's what I admire about you
What that you are others focused like you just oh one of the most giving people I know
But that wasn't why I've always been yeah, you may think that but it's not true
I was self-centered. I was a teenager. It's like every other teenager
So it takes time it does it takes and I think you mature as you get older
Yeah, you know just life has a way of
educating you and
Mellowing you I that's true for I don't know if that's true for everybody
But for me, it's made me a better person and and being with Joan has made me a better person. She
She sets a great example
I'd agree with that
All right, so this is the last one this one's probably more for me
So turn the tables
um
So I already kind of said that like
From your life. I would say what you said
You would want to pass on to generations is true
but
As your son, I would say the thing that I have gained the most from you is
the lesson of generosity just being a giving person
um as
been 100% true
serving others like you said
um
one other that always sticks out is
professionally
In the workplace or whatever that you've always said
Let your work speak for itself
Yeah, don't
Like I remember you would tell me you would you would get under the car with the mechanics and you would you know, so not being
One that has to tote your own like
Achievements you just have to just to your job and so I've done that like I just
Do my job well and don't get caught up in the the drama of the office and just
Let your work for it speak for yourself another huge waste of energy is comparing yourself to others
It's just
You're not like others. We're all different
So spending your time and thinking you're not getting ahead when someone else is or
The office gossip or whatever that all is it's just kind of wasted energy
If you focus on what you're doing and try to do it well and try to make yourself
indispensable by being
Someone who focuses on their work
At least for me it led to
A great career. Yeah
The other
Value or virtue that I have always appreciated about you and
Anybody that is part of our family that's listening to this would know that this is a hundred percent true
Is that you are always the brunt of the joke which yeah like
If there is any jokes being made, it's about dad dad dad's a curmudgeon or whatever
And like and I say that as a funny thing, but also as like a humbling thing because
